Release 6.18.2 (#11161)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 6.18.2

_Nov 23, 2023_

> We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 12 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

Author: ```suggestion
We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 11 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:
```

- [l10n] Improve Hebrew (he-IL) locale (#11056) @LironKiloma

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.18.2` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid@6.18.2`.

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@6.18.2` [![premium](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg-link 'Premium plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.18.2`.

### Date Pickers

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.18.2`

- [l10n] Add Basque (eu) locale and improve Spanish (es-ES) locale (#10985) @lajtomekadimon
- [l10n] Add Macedonian (mk) locale (#11155) @brsnik
- [l10n] Improve German (de-DE) locale (#11104) @jho-vema
- [pickers] Deprecate `defaultCalendarMonth` prop (#11138) @flaviendelangle
- [pickers] Fix `DateCalendar` crashing when given an invalid value (#11101) @flaviendelangle

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro@6.18.2` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.18.2`.

### Charts / `@mui/x-charts@6.18.2`

- [charts] Fix `ChartsTooltip` component setup (#11157) @LukasTy
- [charts] Remove outdated prop-types (#10998) @alexfauquette

### Docs

> - [docs] Fix Pickers CustomComponents Incorrect naming of a component in example (#11003) @lhilgert9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [docs] Fix incoherent naming of a component in the *Custom component* page (#11003) @lhilgert9
```

Author: ```suggestion
- [docs] Fix incoherent naming of a component in `Custom slots and subcomponents` page (#11003) @lhilgert9
```
I am going with regular marking as we seem to use italics or bold rarely.
Some of the latest examples of mentioned pages are also wrapped in ``. 🙈 
Also updated the page name to be coherent with the existing page.
